*REFER README SECTION TO VIEW AND DOWNLOAD PDF*

Cycle Sheet - 2 - Using JavaScript and JQuery


1. A parking garage charges a $2.00 minimum fee to park for up to three hours. The
garage charges an additional $0.50 per hour for each hour or part thereof in excess of
three hours. The maximum charge for any given 24-hour period is $10.00. Assume that
no car parks for longer than 24 hours at a time. Write a script that calculates and
displays the parking charges for each customer who parked a car in this garage
yesterday. You should input from the user the hours parked for each customer. The
program should display the charge for the current customer and should calculate and
display the running total of yesterday's receipts. The program should use the function
calculate-Charges to determine the charge for each customer. Use a prompt dialog to
obtain the input from the user.


2. Create a web page containing three divisions.
a) The first division displays a digital clock on the rightmost end.
b) The width of the first division is 100%.The second division and third division
lay side by side.
c) The second division has an image slider and third division has a color picker and
two list box having font-family and size and a button. When a button is clicked
the background color, font and font size should change for a whole page. Use
JavaScript to implement the above.


3. Design a student registration form which takes student name, register number, DOB,
program, email id, temporary address, permanent address, phone number. Validate the
following using JavaScript:
a) Mobile number should be exactly 10 digits.
b) Register number should have alphabets and numbers only.
c) Name should not exceed 30 characters and can be only alphabets.
d) Email validation.
e) Provide a checkbox saying “Permanent address is same as temporary address”.
If checked, the value of permanent address should be added automatically from
temp address. And should be in disabled mode.


4. Write the JavaScript code to add behavior to the following page for manipulating
strings.
a) The page UI allows the user to type a phrase into a text box. The user can click
the "Go!" button to display the words in that phrase in reverse order. Each word
in the phrase should be inserted as a span with a class of word, inside a div with
the id of words. Every other word (the first, third, fifth, etc.) should also be
underlined
b) The user can optionally specify a "filter" text by typing into a text box with the
id of filter. If a non-blank filter is specified, you should exclude any words from
the phrase that contain that filter text, case-insensitively. For example, if the
filter text is "abc", exclude any words containing abc, ABC, aBc, etc.
c) If any words are excluded, under the list of words you should modify the div
with id of count to display text of the form, "5 word(s) filtered out". The code
should work for multiple clicks of the button. On each click it should clear any
previous information you injected. You may assume that words in the phrase are
separated by single spaces.
d) These screenshots show the initial state, and after phrases have been typed and
"Go!" is clicked.


5. Develop an online Railway Reservation application.
a) It has top frame with the name “Online Railway Reservation System” in the
middle, there is a logo/image in the left corner using suitable CSS styles and the
left frame with the links for Ticket booking and availability checking; for each
link the target should be the right frame.
b) Create a Ticket Booking form which should have From and To in a text box,
Train Names in a drop down box, Coach Number in a list box, Date in a date
field, Timing in a text box, Passengers Male and female in a dropdown menu
showing the count number and Submit and Reset button.
c) Assume availability of tickets already declared in the script. Create a DOM
event to display the ticket confirmation details on any HTML element when
ticket is available otherwise display “tickets not available” by invoking any
other DOM event.


6. i) Design a table in the format given below using HTML and JQuery selectors.
ii) Apply different background for odd and even rows of the table.
iii) Apply different CSS for table header using JQuery selectors.
7. Write the JQuery code, so that when the Delete button is clicked, any button whose text
value is divisible by the number written in the text field is removed from the page. You
may assume that a valid number has been typed in the text field. The HTML code is the
following:
These screenshots show the initial page and its new appearance after typing 2 into the
text field and pressing Delete:


8. Write the JQuery code to add behavior to the following page for keeping track of a todo-
list.
a) The page UI allows the user to type an item into a text box. The user can click
the "add" button to add the item to the bottom of the list. Each word in the
phrase should be inserted as a li, inside an ul with the id of list.
b) If the user wishes to remove an item he or she can type the text of the item he or
she wishes to remove in the text box and click the “remove” button. This should
be case insensitive. For example, if the list only contains “foo” and the user tries
to remove “FoO”, it should be removed. If the user tries to remove an item that
is in the list multiple times only the first occurrence should be removed.
c) The items should have background colors that alternate between white and
yellow (first white, then yellow, then white, yellow, etc.). This should still be the
case no matter how many items are removed or added and no matter what order
these operations are done in.
d) The code should work for multiple clicks of the buttons. On each click it should
clear any previous information you typed in the input boxes.
These screenshots show the state after items have been added and the state after items
have been removed.


9. a) Validate the Event Registration Form given below using Jquery for the following
conditions.
 All fields are mandatory
 Zip code should be exactly five digits
 Email validation
b) Create an array for a list of cities. Provide autocomplete option for city field using
that array as a source.
