(REFER README SECTION TO VIEW AND DOWNLOAD QUESTIONS PDF).

1) Introduction to HTML

a. Create a webpage that prints your name to the screen.
b. Create a webpage that prints the numbers 1 - 10 to the screen.
c. Create a webpage and set its title to "This is a webpage".
d. Create a webpage that prints the message "When was this webpage created?
Check page's title for the answer." to the screen, and set the title of the page to
the current date.
e. Create a webpage that prints any text of your choice to the screen; do not
include a head section in the code.
f. Create a webpage which keeps track of the browsers information and do the
following
 refreshes its page in 5 seconds,
 expires in a duration of time


2) HTMLTEXT EXERCISES

a. Print your name in green
b. Print the numbers 1 - 10, each number being a differentcolor.
c. Prints your name in a Tahoma font.
d. Display a part of a word with bold underline.
e. Print a paragraph with 4 - 5 sentences. Each sentence should be a different font
f. Print a paragraph that is a description of a book; include the title of the book as well
as its author. Names and titles should be underlined, adjectives should be italicized
and bolded.
g. Print your name to the screen with every letter being a different heading size.
h. Write a comment line on your code and make sure it is not displayed in the page
i. Print a2+b2=2ab
j. Print H2O
k. Display a c code as it is in the page
l. Set the background color of the page as yellow
m. Set an image as background of the page
n. Set the font size as 10. Print it. Again try to decrease the font size. Check whether
the font size is reduced.
o. Apply marquee for your name
p. Display a paragraph contents in a single line.


3) HTML TEXT FORMATTING, LISTS EXERCISES.

a. Print the squares of the numbers 1 - 20. Each number should be on a separate line,
next to it the number 2 superscripted, an equal sign and theresult.
b. Prints 10 names with a line break between each name. The list should be
alphabetized, and to do this place a subscripted number next to each name based on
where it will go in the alphabetized list. (Example: Alan1). Print first, the
unalphabetized list with a subscript number next to each name, then the
alphabetized list. Both lists should have an <h1> level heading.
c. Print two lists with any information you want. One list should be an ordered list,
the other list should be an unordered list
d. Print a list which starts with 7 with the type i
e. Prints an h1 level heading followed by a horizontal line whose width is 100%.
Below the horizontal line print a paragraph relating to the text in the heading.
f. Print a definition list with 5 items
g. Print two addresses in the same format used on the front of envelopes (senders
address in top left corner, receivers address in the center)
h. Print ten acronyms and abbreviations of your choosing, each separated by two
lines. Specify the data that the abbreviations and acronymsrepresent


4) HTML IMAGE EXERCISES

a. Display five different images. Skip two lines between each image. Each image
should have a title.
b. Display an image that has a border of size 2, a width of 200, and a height of 200.
c. Display the image towards the right corner of thewebpage


5) HTML TABLES


6) HTML Forms
Design the following Form.


7) HTML Frames.
Design the following using frames.


8) Create an external style sheet named as “external.css” and provide some styles for h2, p
and body tags. Create an html file named as “welcome.html” and link the external style
sheet. Include internal style sheet for body tags. Include a <p> tags with inline style sheet.


9) Write the CSS code necessary to recreate the following appearance on-screen, exactly as
shown.
• The menu items (Summaryto Trailers and Videos) are white text on a black
background. There is 20px space between the words and the right and left sides of
their black boxes. There is 3px of blank space to the right of each.
• The score information should be 50% wide.
• The movie rating has a green background and white text. The number is in 30pt
font. There is 20px space between the number and the edges of the green
background. There is 5px blank space around the green background.
• The background color of the page is gray but the background color of the area containing
everything is white. The white area is 80% wide and centered. There is 20px of space
between the edge of the white background and everything inside it.


10) Write the HTML and CSS box model to recreate the following appearance. No manual line
breaks have been inserted.


11) Design the following web page using HTML5 and CSS.
